Changes to prevent unnecessary tfe_registry_modules replacement (#572)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.35.0 (July 27th, 2022)

BUG FIXES:

> * Added `Computed` modifier to attributes in `r/tfe_registry_modules` to prevent unnecessary registry modules update. ([#572](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe/pull/572))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* r/tfe_registry_module: Added `Computed` modifier to attributes in order to prevent unnecessary resource replacement ([#572](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe/pull/572))
```
